[13.0][ADD] sale_coupon_mass_mailing: Add a smart-button in promotions called 'Mailings' that allows you to link mass-mailing (#2)
OCA/sale-promotion: sale_coupon_mass_mailing/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This addon adds a smart-button in promotions called "Mailings" that allows you to link mass-mailing.

> In the event that there is no mass-mailing created, when the smart-button is clicked, one will be created with the contacts previously defined in the promotion, otherwise the existing mailings will be listed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case that there is no mass-mailing created yet, when clicking the smart-button, one will be created with the contact domain previously defined in the promotion, otherwise, the existing mailings will be listed.
```
